T2

Background: You are now part of a small and agile team of entrepreneurs who perceive of modern information and communications technologies as means of economic prosperity and community development.

Mission: Each team needs to design its channels and customer relationships. While describing these approaches to interacting with your customer segments, make sure that they fit clearly within your business idea. 

**Task: Select team leader for current assignment. 

**Task: Consider ideas for connecting to your customer segments in an efficient and effective manner. First detail the channels through which you would contact your customer segments. How do you raise customer awareness? How can customers evaluate your offerings? How do they purchase from you? How do you deliver value? How do you provide support?

  Since our customers would be businesses themselves it would not be the best option to connect them through social media. THe best idea would be a platform that is private, so only they would be able to connect us.

**Task: Then describe how you would maintain customer relationships with your customer segments. What type of relationship do your customers expect from your organization? Can you use these relationships to acquire, retain, and up-sell customer segments? Consider direct personal assistance (either online or in person), self-service, automated services, user communities, etc.

  We would regularly contact the customers with any concerns. Since we would offer the service of maintaining the software for them we would regulaly be in contact with them.

  but because we would also have a intercommunication platform that would allow them to ask any questions and get answers within 30 minutes because security is on the line and we know that if a security breach isn't solved soon or any errors, it could lead into much bigger problems. 

Deliverable: Project file(s) in GitHub repository containing above content.

All members of the group need to contribute to the repository.

Please paste a copy of the Repository URL link in the text box.
